Refund & Return Policy
Refund Policy
You may request a refund of any amounts charged by contacting customer service at support@frequense.com. If for any reason you are not completely satisfied with any Frequense products purchased directly from Frequense via our website, you may request a refund within 30 days from the date of receipt for a full refund or exchange. Refunds and exchanges will be made to the credit card with which the product was purchased. You will need the following to make your request for refund:
Proof of Purchase Unused portion of the product or empty product containers Your refund includes only the cost of the product. It does not include the costs of shipping.
Return Policy
Before any product is returned to Frequense, the Brand Ambassador, Influencer or Customer must contact customer support to obtain a Return Merchandise Authorization ("RMA") number. Any package received without this information on the outside of the box may be refused and may result in a refund not issuing.
Auto-Ship Cancellation
Please email support to cancel or modify your Auto-Ship at any time at support@frequense.com, without penalty. You can also modify or cancel your order at any time at www.frequense.com. By selecting the "Auto-Ship" option on the website, you are giving Frequense authorization to enroll you in the automatic shipping program. Frequense will ship your products directly to you. You are also authorizing Frequense to charge your credit card for the products you have ordered on a monthly basis. You may cancel at any time without obligation and without penalty by emailing support@frequense.com or canceling the order on the frequense.com portal. All auto-ship cancellations must be performed or delivered to Frequense within 3 business days of the next shipment to guarantee the cancellation of that shipment.
Brand Ambassador and Influencer Refund Policy
Please reference Frequense's Policies and Procedures for the Refund Policy regarding Brand Ambassadors and Influencers.